OK so update from yesterday I implemented
Microsoft SSO so user can sign in using
Microsoft account like official account
like Google account like what we did in
Google accounts.
So, so once it deployed.
Any questions?
OK,
so we need a Microsoft account for that,
correct?
Your official account is also Microsoft
account, so that's fine.
OK, the same account we can use.
Yeah.
OK, that's fine.
But.
You have to create new account,
I mean subscriber account.
Mm.
That existing account migration will not
work.
OK.
I'm working on that,
but it is still in development phase.
So please try try to make new account.
OK.
OK, fine.
Yeah.
And what about the box?
Any new pictures?
No, right now knowing any fixes,
only the SSO is implemented.
OK.
OK, then that's all from my side.
OK. And have you gone through the board?
Oh.
OK.
OK.
And after that what we have for for today?
Oh, not sure.
OK.
Try to test this SSO before 10 or 11:00
AM.
OK.
Kuki.
11:00 AM.
OK.
3K.
OK.
OK. Thank you, dear.
Yeah,
so from my side I resolve all the
resource related bug and also time sheet.
Uh,
after deployment I update that uh bug
pool.
Because there is some bug related for
time sheet and resource that you Ritika
and Deepika sign correct.
OK.
So yeah, so I already resolved it,
but after deployment I also update that
bug related home.
There is a too many bugs assigned to me.
OK.
So are you already code Kakoli?
Oh yeah, that's enough.
Yeah, yeah, I already pushed that code,
but not deployed yet.
OK.
OK,
so during the deployment you can also
update the board.
Yeah, yeah,
after deployment I update the code.
Uh.
OK, OK.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Akash, any update from your side?
Yeah,
it's actually time related to this is
deployed or deployed.
OK.
So uh, my day wala Pura cover O Jaga,
right?
Mm.
OK. Any other new implementation here?
Mm.
Implementation actually have deployed.
OK.
OK.
Yes, yes, Akash.
Yes.
Oh, OK.
Task name, status, priority type, levels,
dates and assignee field.
Assign group collaborator allocated
default actual report completion.
Excel and export.
Or your field customization said,
for example, allocated default of.
OK,
so simply we can add more field we can
hide.
Did not field available.
Of default builds as well as stump fields.
OK. So both in board and project, correct?
Both in both in both on project aspect.
OK, OK, perfect.
OK, got it. Any other things?
Oh, will you my day. Already.
Thanks again.
OK.
Akash all task projector board right or
other custom fields.
OK.
Those are the key.
Gotcha.
So.
Take care.
I'm never the best.
Take care.
OK, that's all from my side.
He deployed her already.
He already deployed her.
OK,
so I'll be my day while I do have
deployment man.
OK, so with the deployed status.
Deployed with the update.
OK.
OK. Anything else?
Yasudhay Ek confirm Karnata Yogesh Kasad
Ki Jab project file section a file main
Yeah.
humblock folder create karte or folder ke
file upload karte.
Right. Or a delete delete permanently.
Audit history so audit folder.
Double audit name proper file name show
ohh or a oh folder under delete key and
restore.
Folder with file name is.
In audit.
Logesh.
Audit, audit, Audit.
Audit me.
Hopeless.
Let me my screen be the kinded miss.
It was show called the do up quite the.
On the.
Uh, the.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yeah, I can see the screen.
Essay or or canvas user docs X if folder
file file file.
Thank you.
OK, Pranav Kudu, anything from your side?
Hello.
OK.
Perfect.
OK, so many yes. Hello. Hi Sir.
So many canvas features.
Thanks, Pranav.
Yeah, hi.
Sokhal Nikhil sarne Kucha changes bataihe
woman Kiye.
That's from my side.
OK.
Thanks. Thank you, Kuju.
I'll be nice.
Yeah, yeah.
OK, let's get back to work guys.
Thank you. Thank you so much.